Found newImport.txt!\nosu!player will now shutdown. On the next startup osu!player will prompt you to select the song path!
The font that osu!player is using is not installed on your PC. osu!player tries now to download the font from the server and also tries to open it, so you can install it. After you pressed intall and the process finished, please restart osu!player
The osu!player cannot download the font file, please make sure you are connected to the internet.
English.txt doesn't exist in your lang folder. Also the English.txt file couldn't be downloaded. Please download the language via the osu!player installer. Also make sure, that you are connected to the internet. The osu!player tries now to run.
osu!player already running
osu!player is already running on this computer. Please check your Task-Manager if the app is running. If so, close it via the Task Manager and restart the app.
Error starting osu!player
Something wrong happened. The Blacklist couldn't load probably, please restart osu!player.\nIf the problem keeps happening please report it in the Forum.
Language file missing
The language file '{0}' doesn't exist. Switching back to english
Language 'English' not found.
Language english could not be found. Please download the language pack via the installer. Do you want to open the Forum Thread?
Language not supported
Your language is not supported in this version, please check the version file, if all lines are there. osu!player will now close and will use english on next startup.
Type to search
Open Settings
Toggle playlist
Minimize osu!player
Press this to go to window mode or back to Fullscreen-Mode.
Close osu!player
Volume
Toggle shuffle
Toogle repeat
Playbackspeed
Open Playlist editor to start favoriting songs
You can't favorise a song, if you didn't selected a Playlist where you want to add the song. To resolve this issue please open the Playlisteditor (4 Bars with note in the topright corner). Then select a custom playlist, if you don't have any custom Playlists, songs will be added to the Favorited playlist instead.
Settings
Updates and tools
Hotkey settings
Startup song
First of all songs
Last played song
Random song
Specific song
Disable notifications
Always on top
Enable OBS support
Enable Audio-Visualizer
Username
Remove username
Language
Blacklist
Songs loaded {0}
Songs folder {0}
osu!player by {0}
Check for updates
Open language editor
Export current song
Export songs to directory
Clear Favorites
Reset osu!player
Are you sure you want to clear all your imported songs (This won't delete them in the Songs folder). If you continue you clear your playlist, favorites, custom playlists and some of your settings. After a restart you need to select your Songs folder again.
By setting your username you agree, to send your current playing song and version to the server. If you don't want this press no and leave this field blank.
Username registered
Username already exist
No special characters are allowed in your username.
Username removed and you don't send anymore song data to the osu!player server
Play/Pause
Previous song
Next song
Volume down
Volume up
Pro Tipp: Hold ALT, while pressing a hotkey! Otherwise it won't work
Playlist/Favorites
Playlist
Playlist name
Add playlist
Add current playing song to playlist
Delete selcted playlist
Playlist already exist
Playist {0} already exist, please choose a other name for your new playlist
The name for the new playlist is invalid. It needs at least one character
You can't delete the favorites playlist!
Are you sure you want to delete the playlist {0}? \n\nThis cannot be undone!
osu!player updated successfull
osu!player was successfully updated to version {0}, do you want to open the patchnotes?
osu!player is up to date
Update available
An update for the osu!player is available, do you want to download it?